Tianfuru
I am God
Can you stand my anger?
On the contrary, I don't think you can make it up.
I really think of myself as a god
The dog is about to jump off the wall in a hurry
I almost believed it just now
If not the true patron saint
Can't I wait?
Hmph, our nine clans
Can it be shaken by a small man?
Quickly kneel down and kowtow to the Martial Saint
Please forgive me
A bunch of ignorant people
cocoon
self-destruct
Ask God to record that he also violated the way of heaven by changing his life against the sky
Tiannu is inevitable
Bai Ling is at this time, and you still believe him
Heaven's wrath will know
Just a flash of lightning
It's the wrath of heaven
If it is wrath
Just come at me for three minutes
The wrath of heaven is coming
Why does God get angry in 3 minutes? That's right
It will be like thunder
All those who go against the sky
Will be judged
God thunder hahahahaha ridiculous
Self-deception to this extent
If it is wrath
Come at me for two minutes
Kneel down and beg for mercy now
Let your people beg for heaven
Maybe escape death
Even if there is thunder
You were the first to die
Come in a minute.
I'm waiting to follow this.
Uh-huh.
Ah!